Ah.
Man, it's freezing in here.
I mean, how long are they
gonna go at it today?
I haven't eaten anything
since this morning.
I'm starving.
What should I eat
when I get home?
[groans]
[MAN] No, look, I told ya,
bigger is better.
If we're gonna make it fight,
heavier is the best choice.
Well, then go find it
and call back later.
Huh?
No guard?
Did he go somewhere?
Hell of a time
to take a bathroom break.
[gasps]
[groans]
[Megumi exhales]
Hey, look at this!
Huh?
You think it eats fish sausage?
[MAN IN T-SHIRT] Wait a minute.
That thing was
in the tournament, wasn't it?
Oh, here you go, little Panda...
Hey, doofus,
pandas don't eat meat.
They eat bamboo.
[both men groan]
[PANDA] Well,
this Panda eats fish sausage.
No cameras on
the emergency stairs.
Yo!
You sure about this?
It's a risky plan.
It could cause you
trouble later on.
[PANDA] It's fine, it's fine.
We just need to secure
the area by the door.
Oh, no, it's Kirara!
What are they doing
away from Hakari?
It's Panda.
And that spiky-haired kid.
If Panda helped him
sneak in here,
that means
he's with Jujutsu High?
Which means Yu-ie is
with Jujutsu High too.
And then that means...
Kin is in danger.
Look, boss,
I need to tell you something.
[cell phone ringing]
[MEGUMI] Demon Dog: Totality!
[grunts]
[Panda grunts]
[roars]
Fushiguro?
[grunts]
[MEGUMI]
My Demon Dog was thrown back?
No, judging
from what Panda said,
it couldn't get
close enough to them.
[all gasp]
[KIRARA] There, Panda
and the other two are marked.
[PANDA] The monitor room!
Kirara's planning on
heading back to Hakari!
[Panda panting]
Wait, Kirara!
We're not your enemies.
We just want
to ask Hakari for a favor!
I don't believe that.
I'm disappointed in you, Panda.
This is pathetic!
I can't even get close to you
while walking or running!
[both panting]
[MEGUMI] So Kirara
can't get close to us, either?
[Panda panting]
[PANDA] Fushiguro?
[MEGUMI] It's more than just
being able to approach them.
I can't separate
from Demon Dog, either.
What kind
of a curse technique is this?
[grunts]
- Listen!
- Save it, kid!
My passion has gone cold!
[♪ opening theme song playing]
[♪ tense music playing]
[MEGUMI] We're at a stalemate.
Perfect.
Kirara!
We're not currently
with Jujutsu High.
You know what Tokyo is like
right now, don't you?
Mm.
[MEGUMI] The barriers
that sprung up in each region
are related, as well.
It was an unprecedented attack
of jujutsu terrorism!
We need Hakari's help.
Well, you're the ones who
excluded us in the first place.
You reap what you sow.
[MEGUMI] I told you,
we're not with Jujutsu High.
What happened between you
and the higher-ups?
[PANDA] They fought
with the conservatives.
Of course,
their idea of "conservative"
goes beyond just their policy
toward the regulations.
They have set ideas of what
and what not jujutsu should be.
Kugisaki's technique
is a good example.
That's the kind
of classic jujutsu
the conservatives prefer.
Not stuff
like the cursed videos
that were popular a while back.
As time goes on,
even jujutsu incorporates
more new technologies.
But some of those
new techniques are bound
to make the conservatives fussy.
Kin's technique is
a perfect example of that.
That's why those
stupid higher-ups lost.
Here's an idea.
Why don't you have Satoru Gojo
save your asses for you,
like always.
If you have him, why do you
need us so badly, huh?
The answer is,
you're lying about needing us.
Which means you're here
for some other reason, right?
Satoru Gojo
has been sealed away.
It's the reason we lost.
[PANDA] Oh, no.
[BOTH] They don't believe us!
[PANDA] Well,
I can understand that.
[MEGUMI] But this person
is the one closest to Hakari!
Rabbit Escape!
[KIRARA] Bunny rabbits?
[MEGUMI]
If we can just convince them,
negotiations with Hakari
will go more smoothly.
Acrux?
Gacrux?
[KIRARA]
That's a lot of bunnies.
What's he up to?
My technique
marks cursed energy.
So it treats sorcerers
and their shikigami
as the exact same thing.
At this rate,
the bunnies will be drawn to him
like that doggy was,
and he'll be crushed
under his own shikigami
until he suffocates.
Panda, what happened?
Tell me about Rabbit Escape!
They were almost
as cute as I am!
I don't mean how they looked!
What were they able
to approach and not approach?
Oh. They were able to
get up to that second floor
with no problem!
But they couldn't get
near Kirara or the door!
Panda, do you have
anything written on your body?
A star and a name somewhere?
[gasps] Oh! I-M-A-I?
[MEGUMI] I should have one too.
- [PANDA] Imai? It says "Imai!"
- There.
[MEGUMI]
Just like on the rabbits.
It's probably on Totality, too.
I don't know anything
about their technique.
Wait a minute.
I've got it!
This technique is
based on a constellation!
[KIRARA]
Anyone looking at the sky
could figure that part out.
[MEGUMI]
And the constellation is...
the Southern Cross.
Shit!
We both let it
show on our faces.
He gave me a look like,
"Seriously?"
He just guessed my technique
was based on the Southern Cross,
but he wasn't sure about it.
Then I gave him
that same stupid look.
I confirmed it for him.
If he figures out any more
of my technique,
he'll be able
to enter the monitor room.
I have to stop him here.
[MEGUMI]
Back in a stalemate again?
But was it really
the Southern Cross?
Tsumiki taught me that.
I don't really know
about the other ones.
But isn't the Southern Cross
a four-star constellation?
[PANDA] Fushiguro?
[MEGUMI] Looks like I can
still get close to Panda.
Panda,
do you happen to know
if the Southern Cross
has four stars in it?
Uh, well, I mean, it's a cross.
So there has to be
at least four.
Kirara's technique
must apply one of the stars
in the Southern Cross
to each of us.
And I thought it might
use that to force us
to maintain a certain distance.
But Kirara can
approach the door,
and you and I can
approach each other.
[PANDA] So maybe
Kirara and the door stars
are repelling ours,
like opposite magnets
push each other away?
No, that doesn't sound right.
If that were true,
Kirara would just flee
into the monitor room.
[PANDA] You're right.
And if they hugged the inside
of the door, we'd be stuck.
Hey, wait a minute.
What about this?
Star A is able
to approach Star B,
but B can't approach A.
Each star has only one other
star they're compatible with.
And they cannot approach
any other star but that one,
like in rock-paper-scissors.
But you and I can
approach each other.
We have no problem
moving toward one another.
So that's a no?
[MEGUMI] Maybe it's
more like a stamp rally.
Where you have to
follow a set route
and approach each one in order.
And things with the same star
get drawn together.
That's interesting.
But what if
the sorcerer isn't counted
as one of the stars
in the constellation?
That can't be the case.
Because they were forced
to stay away from Demon Dog.
Just look at Kirara.
They're obviously on high alert
about our next move.
Because they're afraid
that while they're not looking,
we manage to get what we need
in order to enter
that monitor room.
So forget four stars,
there's at least five or more.
Right.
If my stamp rally theory
is correct,
then with only four stars,
we should be able
to approach Kirara freely.
But we can't.
So there has to be a fifth star.
And that's the star
we have to pass through
to reach Kirara and that door.
What if there are
six or seven stars?
Yeah, well, I'm really hoping
that's not what
we're up against.
It's confusing enough
with five stars.
[KIRARA] If they figured it out,
then I have to attack!
[car alarm wailing]
- [groans]
- [MEGUMI] Panda!
[PANDA] I'm okay.
Don't worry about me.
Just go!
And find that star!
[groans, grunts]
Hey, don’t go
throwing cars right now!
[Panda grunts]
[groans]
[MEGUMI] The same Imai star
on you is on that car!
If you throw it,
it'll just come back.
Or pull you toward it
like Demon Dog did to me!
They probably
have to touch the target
to plant a star on them.
No, that can't be right!
Kirara hasn't touched me
or Rabbit Escape!
They only touched Demon Dog.
Meaning,
Kirara isn't tagging objects.
They're tagging cursed energy!
In order to tag doors and cars,
they might need someone
to imbue cursed energy
into them ahead of time.
I knew it!
The car has residual cursed
energy from someone else!
If the technique
doesn't cover a wide range,
then traces
of the other star should be!
[Panda exclaiming]
[grunts]
[groans]
[MEGUMI] There! The fifth star!
I don't see any more
residual cursed energy
from anyone other than us.
Kirara's already marked
their own cursed energy,
so they can't use it
to mark objects
with the same Acrux star
that they labeled me with.
Meaning, they can't
launch things at me
like they did with that car.
Once I touch that,
I can approach Kirara!
[NARRATOR] Fushiguro's
hypothesis was correct.
Kirara's cursed technique,
Love Rendezvous,
assigns one of five stars
to the cursed energy
of their targets,
using the Southern Cross
as a base.
For one star
to approach another,
it must follow
a predetermined order.
Things marked with the same star
are attracted to each other.
Very impressive.
I can't believe you actually
figured out my technique.
Panda! Here, catch 'em!
Mm... [grunts]
[grunts]
[both gasp]
[NARRATOR]
That order was nearest
to the farthest star.
Constellations may look flat,
but they do,
of course, have depth,
And each star has
a different distance from Earth.
You're so smart,
I bet you thought
there's no way I could throw
objects at you any longer.
Well, I can just
lift the Ginan star,
placed on my own cursed energy,
and mark things
with the same Acrux star
that I put on you!
[gasps] What?
How?
Where did it come from?
The boy,
he never dismissed
his doggy shikigami.
Did he figure out which
of the same tagged objects
would be drawn to the other?
Then he put a wall between
himself and the shikigami
so the shikigami would be
drawn into the wall.
Then he unleashed the doggy
when I was in a line
between them.
Love Rendezvous, cancel.
[grunts]
[Kirara yelps]
Please, Kirara.
Just hear us out.
[KIRARA]
Did you really do that?
Set me up with my own technique?
There's no way
you could have known
if you or the doggy would get
pulled toward the other.
I took a gamble,
but now I know for certain.
The one
with the greater cursed energy
pulls the other towards it.
The first time I was
pulled into Demon Dog.
But when I strengthened
my cursed energy
to guard against
your incoming attack,
the opposite happened.
You're really just a first-year?
You aren't cute at all,
you know.
[MEGUMI] Please.
We don't have time.
Please hear us out.
[Kirara sighs] All right, fine.
- [Yuji groans]
- [crashing]
[both gasp]
[scraping]
[BOTH] Hm?
[MEGUMI] Itadori?
[YUJI] Fushiguro.
[groans] Panda.
Stay out of this.
[grunts]
[growls]
[KINJI] Underestimating me, huh?
[all gasp]
[KINJI]
What is it with this kid?
He's not even trying
to dodge my punches.
You crazy or what?
[YUJI] This isn't like
the fight in Shibuya.
This is me
looking Hakari in the eyes
until he accepts me.
I won't dodge anymore.
I won't fight back.
Not until he caves.
How's this?
I'll listen
to what you have to say.
For as long as
you remain standing!
[KIRARA] Kin, baby, stop!
These kids just want your help.
Just hear them out, okay?
I just said I would, didn't I?
Okay, Itadori.
Why me?
This is the first time
we've met, right?
So why did you come to me?
It's because of your strength.
All of my friends
told me you were strong.
Of course. Figures.
When one sorcerer
asks another for help,
it's an understood agreement
that they're asking him
to risk his life.
So if I'm gonna
throw my chips in with you,
you better show me
that you have a passion
worth risking my life for!
Right here and now.
Yet you offer me nothing,
saying you're just here
following orders.
What the hell, old man Yaga
should be weeding out
losers like you!
I don't have any passion.
Huh?
I'm nothing but a cog.
A cog in a sorcerer's machine.
That keeps exorcising curses.
A cog.
Wait, wait, wait.
Are you for real?
'Cause that's damn boring.
Stop it! Enough, Itadori!
[Kinji grunts]
[KINJI] Hurts, doesn't it?
You know what Gojo once told me?
That my cursed energy
was coarser and grittier
than anyone else
he's ever known.
Are you dead yet?
Hey, Panda!
- Who?
- You and Sea Urchin Head!
Take Itadori's body
and get lost!
And don't ever come back!
[gasps]
[KINJI] He took
three unguarded blows.
Plus I hit him with a whole lot
of punches before, too.
What the hell
are you made of, kid?
I'm nothing but a cog.
But cogs have a function,
you know.
My function is
to keep exorcising curses.
Because I need you
to achieve that,
then I'll play along
until you agree to it.
Kinji Hakari.
What's your function?
[KINJI] This kid.
So this is what
a cog's passion looks like.
Fine. I'll keep punching.
[KIRARA] Kin, baby.
I can tell you're all heated up.
[gasps]
[KINJI] It's true.
The fever never lies.
Get down here, you three.
[Panda whimpers]
Let's cut a deal.
[MEGUMI] Uh,
you mean it's resolved?
Did you just convince him
to do that?
- Mm-hm.
- Thank you for saving his life.
All good.
We may hate the upper brass
at Jujutsu High,
but it's undeniable,
Kin's fever burns hottest
when he's helping others.
- [YUJI] Ow!
- [PANDA] Hmm?
Ding-dong! Ding-dong, ding-dong,
ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-dong!
[all gasp]
[KOGANE] Please be advised.
Effective immediately,
a player has added a new rule
to the Culling Game.
Rule number nine!
Players will know
each other's information,
first names, last names,
number of points accumulated,
current colony,
and number of rules
added to the game by you.
You have gained five points
for a kill.
[HAJIME]
You're damn right, I killed him.
Not a single one of these guys
was strong enough.
It really was so much better
400 years ago.
[growls]
Where are you, Sukuna?
[KOGANE] You have
exceeded 200 points.
Would you like
to consume 100 points
by adding a rule
to the Culling Game?
[HAJIME] Oh, right.
The rules.
If I knew their names
and their points,
telling me their strength.
Oh, but points go down
when adding a rule.
So I'd need the number
of rules they added, too.
And knowing which colony
they're in would be valuable.
Kogane.
Add a rule.
Reveal that information
for every player.
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[KENJAKU] You're in the space
between dreams and reality.
It's a curse.
[YUJI]
How do you know my name?
[MEGUMI] I'm not like Itadori.
[KOGANE] Once you step inside,
you, too, become a player.
[MEGUMI] And make them
add a rule to let Tsumiki
escape the Culling Game!